technological environment in which I worked. I was chief engineer on the
war years, which waas the first ages cruiser to the fleet. Lot one
ages one point what we'll say we're on lock 12. Um, so it was pretty
high at the time over, Actually, I must admit that your system on
the road all right, Now she is underwater. She has got the Davy Jones
and technology that she was had while high tech at the time it kept
coming. So what can you do to be better at it is read up on it, be
available to be attended to not be afraid. That psychology go embrace
it. Yes, you can. Because people say they love change. No change
is change. Okay? Nobody really loves it because they're comfortable
with what they just learned. How you're introducing a new baseline.
12.1, just 12. This Lord 11. I just got comfortable with my iPhone
nine. I was 10 axe. Now there's a left. What was the matter with a wasp?
So the technologies are gonna come, and they are gonna change your
essay due to have an open mind to try it, fiddle with it and don't
play with it. Try to break it, trying to break it. You're just trying
to understand how it works. You haven't opened like that.